NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of March 15, 2023,
by and between:

TechCorp GmbH, a company incorporated under the laws of Germany, with its registered
office at Friedrichstraße 44, 10117 Berlin, Germany ("Disclosing Party"),

and

Riverty GmbH, a company incorporated under the laws of Germany, with its registered
office at Olof-Palme-Straße 4, 40882 Ratingen, Germany ("Receiving Party").

The parties are collectively referred to herein as the "Parties."


1. DEFINITIONS

1.1 "Confidential Information" means any and all non-public information disclosed by
the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party, whether orally, in writing, or by any
other means, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood
to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure.

1.2 "Representative" means any employee, officer, director, agent, consultant, or
advisor of a Party.


2. OBLIGATIONS OF THE RECEIVING PARTY

2.1 The Receiving Party shall hold all Confidential Information in strict confidence and
shall not disclose any Confidential Information to third parties without the prior written
consent of the Disclosing Party.

2.2 The Receiving Party shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of
evaluating a potential business relationship between the Parties ("Permitted Purpose").

2.3 The Receiving Party shall limit access to the Confidential Information to those
Representatives who have a need to know such information for the Permitted Purpose and
who are bound by confidentiality obligations no less protective than those set forth herein.

2.4 The Receiving Party shall protect the Confidential Information using at least the
same degree of care it uses to protect its own confidential information, but in no event
less than reasonable care.


3. GDPR COMPLIANCE

3.1 To the extent that the Confidential Information includes personal data as defined
under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the
"General Data Protection Regulation" or "GDPR"), the Parties agree to comply with all
applicable provisions of the GDPR.

3.2 The Receiving Party shall act solely as a data processor within the meaning of
Article 28 GDPR with respect to any personal data included in the Confidential
Information. The Receiving Party shall process such personal data only on documented
instructions from the Disclosing Party and shall not process such data for any purpose
other than the Permitted Purpose.

3.3 The Receiving Party shall implement appropriate technical and organisational measures
to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, in accordance with Article 32 GDPR.
Such measures shall include, at minimum: (a) pseudonymisation and encryption of personal
data; (b) ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of processing
systems; (c) the ability to restore availability and access to personal data in a timely
manner in the event of a physical or technical incident.

3.4 The Receiving Party shall promptly notify the Disclosing Party, and in any event
within 72 hours, upon becoming aware of any personal data breach as defined in Article 4(12)
GDPR, providing sufficient information to allow the Disclosing Party to meet any obligations
it may have to report the breach to the relevant supervisory authority.


4. EXCEPTIONS

4.1 The obligations of the Receiving Party shall not apply to Confidential Information
that: (a) is or becomes publicly available through no breach of this Agreement;
(b) was rightfully in the Receiving Party's possession prior to disclosure;
(c) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of the Confidential
Information; or (d) is required to be disclosed by applicable law or court order.


5. TERM AND TERMINATION

5.1 This Agreement shall commence on the date first written above and shall remain in
effect for a period of three (3) years, unless earlier terminated.

5.2 Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days written
notice to the other Party. Termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the Receiving
Party of its obligations with respect to Confidential Information disclosed prior to the
effective date of termination.

5.3 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Receiving Party shall promptly
return or destroy all Confidential Information and any copies thereof, and shall certify
such destruction in writing upon request.


6. PENALTIES FOR BREACH

6.1 The Parties acknowledge that a breach of this Agreement may cause irreparable harm
to the Disclosing Party for which monetary damages alone would be an inadequate remedy.

6.2 In addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity, in the event of a
material breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party, the Receiving Party shall pay
to the Disclosing Party a contractual penalty of EUR 50,000 (fifty thousand euros) per
breach. The Parties agree that this amount is a reasonable pre-estimate of the loss
likely to be suffered by the Disclosing Party in the event of such a breach.

6.3 The right to claim further damages in excess of the penalty amount is expressly reserved.


7. GENERAL PROVISIONS

7.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings.

7.2 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the Federal Republic of Germany, excluding its conflict of laws provisions.

7.3 Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be subject to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Düsseldorf, Germany.

7.4 This Agreement may not be amended except by a written instrument signed by both Parties.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first
written above.

TechCorp GmbH                            Riverty GmbH

______________________                   ______________________
Name: Dr. Klaus Weidemann                Name: Anna Bergström
Title: Chief Executive Officer           Title: Head of Legal Affairs
Date: March 15, 2023                     Date: March 15, 2023
